Update README for GHCR login (#26)
mrc-ide/packit-deploy: README.md

## Running locally

> First, you need to [log into GitHub Container Registry]([url](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry#authenticating-with-a-personal-access-token-classic)) using a GitHub personal access token (PAT) that has the `read:packages` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to [be logged into GitHub Container Registry]([url](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry#authenticating-with-a-personal-access-token-classic)) using a GitHub personal access token (PAT) that has the `read:packages` permission.
```
Shouldn't need to do this every time of course.
